so we're getting our first look today at
the new tournament edition sportsmen 282
open now this is a center console boat
with loads of fishing features and
plenty of day boat luxury now sportsmen
slogan is you can have it all and that's
certainly evident on this boat
to rig this boat with Yamaha outboard
power up the twin 300s and almost
unlimited options at the console
including this simmer at full glass
health the leaning post features C
standard LeBrock seats with flip up
bolsters and in the back we have a 40
gallon live well so forward of the
console we've got plenty of room to fish
and this great coffee box it's topped
with a look rock lounger you can lift
the top here it's an insulated fish box
or room for storage our test boat is
powered by twin Yamaha f200 outward
let's rattle up and see how she runs
Wow it was a little rough out there
today but the sportsmen delivered a dry
stable ride on flat water this boat will
hit 50 miles an hour with these twin
200s
read more about this boat on boats calm
[Music]
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds united
marine underwriters